family what's going on unboxing y'all
see what happened to the boy Ray Rice
man gotta keep your hands off the ladies
fellas cannot touch the ladies oh man
this was a tight box that one of my
subscribers had got and he didn't need
any more so he shipped it off to me
thanks a lot man I got it I will put his
link down into the description he has a
channel he just started making vid so go
check him out
thanks a lot you know who you are let me
get into another pickup since that
wasn't nothing major
not quite sure what's inside here pick
up finish line yeah man NFL suspended
Ray Rice indefinitely
you know his team dropped them terminate
his contract looks like we got some
light pickups these are the rest of the
shoes from my other order receipt you
might have seen these in another
unboxing I doubled up because these
things was like after my discount all
these points was like 15 10 to 15 bucks
they have that too it's got two pairs of
the whites because they were so cheap 11
bucks
check out honey pail Evan bucks me 12
bucks but I think that's still kind of
light so let me go ahead and do another
unboxing go show you what I got in this
city gear yeah we got some stuff up in
here if you follow me on a Instagram I
tweeted out a 50% off deal that city
gear did they only sent it to the people
that subscribe to them through the email
and once they send it to me immediately
out there I got it out we posted it on
Instagram I sent it out to other people
that I could reach out to
but basically 50% off anything in their
clearance so the stuff that was already
on sale then 50% off for that converse
dita my daughter
beetus asked my older daughter either
from always work - yeah you can see I
got a couple because they were so cheap
they were 35 bucks well they were they
were 17 books cuz you got 50% off so
then I cut to the 17 bucks just a lot of
little Steel's man some kicks for the
fam you know the website city gear
I'll use them a lot every now and then
some light pickups man I'm out you guys
later